Report Part 1:
The option selected by our group is option 3, which is an official marketplace of the application that enables mutual selection between merchants and customers. 
Customers can have a more intuitive view of the merchant's sales information and sort their own selection lists,
while merchants can view their customer's messages and adjust their product ranking. 
In option 3's selection, we have chosen to implement the two major functions of File and Statistics. 
To ensure a good user experience when using our program, 
we make it easier for customers and sellers to understand each other and allow both parties to personalize their selection of trading partners.
Therefore, when using our program, users can view detailed information about the products sold by the merchants, as well as the purchase history of these products. 
Sellers can also view the number of products purchased by each customer and sort the sales volume in the product list.
Conversely, customers can also sort the merchants based on their total sales volume.
Later, look at our code closely. Main.java is the most important program that users can run to open and use our program,and then start registering an account. 
Seller.java ensures that sellers can enter their product information to attract buyers and sort their products through data sorting.
Store.java is responsible for providing an environment that implements the entire operating system's functionality, such as adding or removing products for merchants.
Finally, Customers.java also plays an important role. 
Many branches are created here to assist in implementing the code's operation, such as UserBase.java and User.java, which provide user information to Customers.java.
With the interface of Persistent.java, any type of object can be persisted and loaded,
enabling the entire program to run successfully and providing convenient services to users. 
After that, we also added the first and third optional features. 
Sellers can choose to keep sales and reduce the price of their products until a certain number of units are sold. 
Customers browsing the market will be informed of the original price and the sale price, 
and sellers can set a limit on the number of units per product, prohibiting customers from ordering more than the limit. Once the limit is reached, 
customers will not be able to place any additional orders for the product unless the seller increases or removes the limit. 
This ensures that our official marketplace of the application's market becomes more just and fair. 
This not only allows customers to have more transparent information from merchants but also prevents customers from breaking the rules.
It fundamentally promotes equality between merchants and customers, making it a fair transaction for both parties. 
This is the reason and intention behind our choice of this option. 
Finally, after testing our code, although the content could run successfully, 
we still found some areas that could be improved. 
We hope to make the entire market transaction process more detailed and implement more features in Project 5. 
Our goal is to obtain good reviews from users and make more efforts to improve the code.
